docs(depreciation): Deprecate the deployer. (#215)
bonitasoft/bonita-continuous-delivery-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/deployer.adoc

This page describes how to deploy Bonita Living Application artifacts from the command line.

IMPORTANT: *BCD deployer is now deprecated*. As of september 2023 BCD deployer is deprecated.

> The deployer supports Bonita 9.0, but support for future versions is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployer supports Bonita 2023.2, but support for future versions is not guaranteed.
```
